README.md, before:

# Scheduler

A web app that tracks time spent on specific tasks and organizes them with a tagging system. The app runs entirely in the user's browser; it has no server, and your private information is never transmitted over the internet. Task information is auto-saved to the browser's [localStorage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Storage/LocalStorage).

## Changelog

### todo:
* add: support for chrome app

### finished:

version 0.11
* fixed: bug where cumulative tag times wouldn't be refreshed when adding a tag that already exists
* fixed: bug where tagRefresh() only showed time of last save
* added: button to refresh cumulative tag times
* changed: moved tagRefresh() method onto $scope
* fixed: bug where after 24 hours, timestring would reset

version 0.10.1
* fixed: bug where tags wouldn't be removed if task was deleted with tags still attached.
* added: tag times now instantly refresh if a task's elapsed time is adjusted

version 0.10
* added: buttons to add/subtract time from elapsed time

version 0.9
* added: tag system
* added: readout for tags
* changed: tags to object literals, with property for total lapsed time
* changed: streamlined UI interface

version 0.8.2
* added: font-awesome css, bootstrap & jquery js dependencies
* changed: navbar UI streamlined

version 0.8.1
* fixed: app will load saved data from
To squelch this message and adopt the new behavior now, use:

 older versions > 0.6

version 0.8
* have new tasks placed at beginning of arrays
* added: $scope.startToDoTask() to move tasks from taskStore.toDoTasks[] to taskStore.activeTasks[]

version 0.7
* add: bootstrap columns for active and 'to do' tasks
* refactor taskStore as an object, with separate arrays for activeTasks & toDoTasks
* separate view for 'to do' tasks

version 0.6
* add: active tasks now auto-save every x (currently 20) seconds
* change: no longer discard saved tasks with cumulativeTime==0 as these might be 'To Do' tasks

version 0.5
* change: there are now separate buttons: 1) 'Start New Task'; & 2) 'To Do Later'
* fix: discarding of saved tasks with cumulativeTime==0 didn't work because constructors must return objects, now fixed
* migrate to bootstrap.css

version 0.4.1
* caveat: if a task has never been stopped, it will be discarded

version 0.4
* copy taskStore to local storage
* app will auto-save the entire task store to local storage on any stop or delete operation

version 0.3
* add ability to pause and resume task
* add ability to edit task name

version 0.2
* Instead of assigning task as an object literal, version 0.2 will define a task object constructor, instances of which will then be .push()'d into an array $scope.taskStore.

version 0.1
* first working version

Commit message:

add link to online version

README.md, after:

# Scheduler

A web app that tracks time spent on specific tasks and organizes them with a tagging system. The app runs entirely in the user's browser; it has no server, and your private information is never transmitted over the internet. Task information is auto-saved to the browser's [localStorage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Storage/LocalStorage).

You can use it online, hosted on Github Pages [here](christopherfujino.github.io/scheduler).

## Changelog

### todo:
* add: support for chrome app

### finished:

version 0.11
* fixed: bug where cumulative tag times wouldn't be refreshed when adding a tag that already exists
* fixed: bug where tagRefresh() only showed time of last save
* added: button to refresh cumulative tag times
* changed: moved tagRefresh() method onto $scope
* fixed: bug where after 24 hours, timestring would reset

version 0.10.1
* fixed: bug where tags wouldn't be removed if task was deleted with tags still attached.
* added: tag times now instantly refresh if a task's elapsed time is adjusted

version 0.10
* added: buttons to add/subtract time from elapsed time

version 0.9
* added: tag system
* added: readout for tags
* changed: tags to object literals, with property for total lapsed time
* changed: streamlined UI interface

version 0.8.2
* added: font-awesome css, bootstrap & jquery js dependencies
* changed: navbar UI streamlined

version 0.8.1
* fixed: app will load saved data from
To squelch this message and adopt the new behavior now, use:

 older versions > 0.6

version 0.8
* have new tasks placed at beginning of arrays
* added: $scope.startToDoTask() to move tasks from taskStore.toDoTasks[] to taskStore.activeTasks[]

version 0.7
* add: bootstrap columns for active and 'to do' tasks
* refactor taskStore as an object, with separate arrays for activeTasks & toDoTasks
* separate view for 'to do' tasks

version 0.6
* add: active tasks now auto-save every x (currently 20) seconds
* change: no longer discard saved tasks with cumulativeTime==0 as these might be 'To Do' tasks

version 0.5
* change: there are now separate buttons: 1) 'Start New Task'; & 2) 'To Do Later'
* fix: discarding of saved tasks with cumulativeTime==0 didn't work because constructors must return objects, now fixed
* migrate to bootstrap.css

version 0.4.1
* caveat: if a task has never been stopped, it will be discarded

version 0.4
* copy taskStore to local storage
* app will auto-save the entire task store to local storage on any stop or delete operation

version 0.3
* add ability to pause and resume task
* add ability to edit task name

version 0.2
* Instead of assigning task as an object literal, version 0.2 will define a task object constructor, instances of which will then be .push()'d into an array $scope.taskStore.

version 0.1
* first working version
